OK
Sun Weifeng, what are you doing?
Ma Shoufu
You are determined to help Zhao Ruolan, right?
Are you not afraid that I will shake your affairs out?
Shall we shoot in two?
What do you mean?
Zhao Ruolan is not a world champion at all
Not a record breaker
You signed Zhao Ruolan in advance
If there is any scandal about him
It will definitely seriously affect the image of your company
In order not to damage your company's image
That's why I stood up upside down
Maintain Zhao Ruolan
build momentum for him
Am I right?
You are speculating maliciously
Hmm, that's right
Nothing is slander.
You bitch
For the tongue
What other evidence do you need?
A daughter raised by waste
Neither received professional training
I have never seen Master Min
How could he possibly lose the championship?
Except for Ma Shoufu's promotion for him
I can't think of a second explanation.
Oh, I see.
I didn't expect your hero capitalists to make money
Unscrupulous
It is estimated that Ma is the richest man
You should also know the rich man who raised Zhao Ruolan
Bar
Otherwise, how could it be possible to sign a contract with him in advance?
Oh, even!
My wild guess
Take care of Zhao Ruolan, a cheap rich man
It's you, Ma Shoufu, you